The most significant factor as to why people are living longer now is owing to the fact that medical technology has been developed a lot. It is an undeniable fact that in the past, when technology was not developed as now, lots of people were suffered from myriad of disease. Moreover, some people even died without knowing the reason. However, thanks to the development of technology, especially medical technology, people now can treat numerous diseases. When we get some disease, we can go to the hospital and can know the name or types of the illness faster than the past. Furthermore, the can get some medicine at the drug store which was almost impossible in the past. If someone got some critical illness, we can get some surgery easily. In fact, in the past, when Black Death went around, almost a quarter of Europeans died because of plague. If there were good medical technology, almost half of the dead would not be died because of it. Therefore, I definitely believe people now live longer than the past for this reason.
Another equally crucial rationale is that people now can get healthier food than the past. Before the development of technology, people had hard time to get food ingredients form other places because of the natural barrier. However, thanks to the development of technology, people can get lots of ingredients regardless of location easily. Moreover, as the technology has been developed, skill of how to preserve the food also developed as well. Through this, people now can get lots of fresh ingredient and can use it to make their food. Besides this, there are lots of nutritional supplements are being made by scientists. People can obtain specific vitamin which is required for them or shortage for them. This will help them to maintain their health much more efficiently than the past. In fact, there is famous Red Ginseng Company in Korea. This this company, they produce lots of Red Ginseng for people in a cheaper price than real Red Ginseng. Through this, people can be much healthier easily and cheaply. Therefore, I firmly believe people now live longer than the past for this reason.
